Write introduction (#2166)
Codecademy/docs: content/ruby/concepts/argf/argf.md

---
Title: 'ARGF and ARGV'

> Description: 'ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command `cat`.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command cat.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:

>   - 'ARGF'

Reviewer: None of these tags are in the tags.md file. You need to select tags from that list. While you can add new tags in this PR to tags.md, "ARGF" and "ARGV" are too niche to be good tags for an entry. There is an "Input" tag and a "Files" tag that would be appropriate.

  - 'ARGV'
  - 'Standard Input'

> CatalogContent:

Reviewer: While we have two entries for CatalogContent, generally one is to one of the paid course paths, an appropriate one is `paths/front-end-engineer-career-path`

  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove line break.

> ARFG and ARGV

Reviewer: Remove this table of contents, we do not use these in entries.

=============
- [ARFG and ARGV](#arfg-and-argv)
- [References](#references)
- [Reading files with Ruby](#reading-files-with-ruby)
- [ARGF - the F is for files](#argf---the-f-is-for-files)
- [ARGV - the V is for variable](#argv---the-v-is-for-variable)
- [shift](#shift)
- [readlines](#readlines)

> ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command `cat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command `cat`.

```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````

cat file1
# Output: File 1 contents

cat file2
# Output: File2 contents

echo "standard input" | cat
# Output: standard input
```

> The `cat` command can accept a filename or you can | pipe another command as standard input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `cat` command can accept a filename or another command can be piped (`|`) as standard input.
```
We generally do not use first or second person pronouns in Docs.

> ### Reading files with Ruby

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ARGF - the F is for files
```

```ruby
# argf.rb
puts ARFG.read
```

> ## ARGF - the F is for files

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The ARGF module has a method #file that you can use to recognize what file it is currently handling. Create and save the file above and then enter this on the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The ARGF module has a method #file that can be used to recognize what file it is currently handling. The following command line example uses the saved file above:

```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````

ruby argf.rb file1 file2
# Output:
# File 1 contents
# File 2 contents
```

> If no file is passed in, ARGF can also detect the standard input stream being piped in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If no file is passed in, ARGF can also detect the standard input stream being piped in.

```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````

echo "STDIN" | ruby argf.rb
# Output:
# STDIN
```

> A combination of files and standard input is accepted too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A combination of files and standard input is accepted too.

```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````

echo "STDIN" | ruby argf.rb file1 file2 -
# Output:
# File 1 contents
# File 2 contents
# STDIN
```

## ARGV - the V is for variable

> Behind the scenes, inside the file there is a Ruby array called ARGV which contains the names of all arguments passed to the file at the command line or through STDIN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Behind the scenes, inside the file there is a Ruby array called ARGV which contains the names of all arguments passed to the file at the command line or through STDIN.

```

```ruby
# argf_inspect_argv.rb
puts ARGV.inspect
```

> The ARGV array doesn't care whether the arguments are valid filenames or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The ARGV array doesn't care whether the arguments are valid filenames or not.

```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```shell
````

ruby argf_inspect_argv.rb file1 file2
# Output: ["file1", "file2"]

ruby argf_inspect_argv.rb one two
# Output: ["one", "two"]
```

> ## shift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `shift`

```

ARGF is using ARGV to store the names of the files passed into it at the command line.
Files that are processed by ARGF.read are shifted off the ARGV array

> However, as is often the case with terminal commands, flags like --verbose or --all are often used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, as is often the case with terminal commands, flags like `--verbose` or `--all` are often used.
```

What happens in a case like this?

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```shell
````

ruby argf_inspect_argv.rb --all one two
# Output: ["--all", "one", "two"]
```

> We should use the #shift method of ARGV

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The #shift method of ARGV should be used:

```

```ruby
# argv_shift.rb
ARGV.shift
puts ARGV.inspect
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```shell
````

ruby argv_shift.rb --all one two
["one", "two"]
```

> ## readlines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `readlines`

```

> The method of ARGF #readlines created an array of strings of each line of each file passed to the Ruby script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The method of ARGF #readlines creates an array of strings of each line of each file passed to the Ruby script.

```

```ruby
# argv_readlines.rb
lines = ARGF.readlines
puts lines
puts lines.inspect
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```shell
````

ruby argv_readlines.rb file1 file2
# Output:
# Contents of file1
# Contents of file2
# ["Contents of file1\n", "Contents of file2\n"]
```

> #readlines will not accept command line arguments that are not valid filenames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`#readlines` will not accept command line arguments that are not valid filenames.

```

```
ruby argv_readlines.rb one two
=> argv_readlines.rb:1:in `readlines': No such file or directory @ rb_sysopen - one (Errno::ENOENT) from argv_readlines.rb:1:in `<main>'
```

> ### References

Reviewer: Remove the references section as we generally don't use these in Docs.

---
Title: 'ARGF and ARGV'
Description: 'ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command cat.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Input'
  - 'Files'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-ruby'

>   - 'front-end-engineer-career-path'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
```

---

> Title: 'ARGF and ARGV'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Title: 'ARGF'
```

Description: 'ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command cat.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Input'
  - 'Files'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-ruby'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command cat.

Author: The previous reviewer told me to leave off the backticks here. What should I do?
https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/2166#discussion_r1193143433

> ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command cat.

Author: @yangc95 I'm not sure if you saw my previous tag, please take another look at let me know what else I can fix.

> ARGF is a module in Ruby used for reading files passed as command line arguments or in standard input (STDIN) in a terminal. A Ruby script using ARGF may be thought of as implementing a subset of the functions of the Unix command cat.

Reviewer 2: @tmravic that was for the metadata's description. Having the backticks in the actual content (introduction section) is good

```shell
cat file1
# Output: File 1 contents

cat file2
# Output: File2 contents

echo "standard input" | cat
# Output: standard input
```

> The cat command can accept a filename or you can | pipe another command as standard input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `cat` command can accept a filename or it can pipe (`|`) another command as standard input.
```

> ## ARGF - the F is for files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## ARGF - The F Is for Files
```

```ruby
# argf.rb

> puts ARFG.read

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
puts ARGF.read
```

```

> The ARGF module has a method #file that you can use to recognize what file it is currently handling. Type this on the command line:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ARGF module has a method `.file` that can be used to recognize what file it is currently handling. Type this on the command line:
```

Is this method being used below?

Author: I have replaced this with a description of the `.read` method instead.

```shell
ruby argf.rb file1 file2
# Output:
# File 1 contents
# File 2 contents
```

If no file is passed in, ARGF can also detect the standard input stream being piped in.

```shell
echo "STDIN" | ruby argf.rb
# Output:
# STDIN
```

A combination of files and standard input is accepted too.

```shell
echo "STDIN" | ruby argf.rb file1 file2 -
# Output:
# File 1 contents
# File 2 contents
# STDIN
```

> ## ARGV - the V is for variable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## ARGV - The V Is for Variable
```

> Behind the scenes, inside the file there is a Ruby array called ARGV which contains the names of all arguments passed to the file at the command line or through STDIN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the hood and inside the file, there is a Ruby array termed `ARGV` which contains the names of all arguments passed to the file at the command line or through STDIN.
```

```ruby
# argf_inspect_argv.rb
puts ARGV.inspect
```

> The ARGV array doesn't care whether the arguments are valid filenames or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ARGV` array disregards whether the arguments are valid filenames or not.
```

```shell
ruby argf_inspect_argv.rb file1 file2
# Output: ["file1", "file2"]

ruby argf_inspect_argv.rb one two
# Output: ["one", "two"]
```

## `shift`

> ARGF is using ARGV to store the names of the files passed into it at the command line.

Reviewer 2: This line along with the following lines don't introduce the `shift` method very well. It's a bit jumbled. It would be best to go straight into the method by explaining what it does and is used for. Other extraneous info can be placed in a note which would be formatted like:

> **Note:** Some note here

> Files that are processed by ARGF.read are shifted off the ARGV array

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Files that are processed by `ARGF.read` are shifted off the `ARGV` array
```

> However, as is often the case with terminal commands, flags like `--verbose` or `--all` are often used.
> What happens in a case like this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, as is often the case with terminal commands, flags like `--verbose` or `--all` are often used.
```

```shell
ruby argf_inspect_argv.rb --all one two
# Output: ["--all", "one", "two"]
```

The #shift method of ARGV should be used:

```ruby
# argv_shift.rb
ARGV.shift
puts ARGV.inspect
```

```shell
ruby argv_shift.rb --all one two
["one", "two"]
```

## `readlines`

> The method of ARGF #readlines created an array of strings of each line of each file passed to the Ruby script.

Reviewer 2: This is good! It explains what the method does. It would be good to also include an example use-case like "It's commonly used for...."

```ruby
# argv_readlines.rb
lines = ARGF.readlines
puts lines
puts lines.inspect
```

```shell
ruby argv_readlines.rb file1 file2
# Output:
# Contents of file1
# Contents of file2
# ["Contents of file1\n", "Contents of file2\n"]
```

> `#readlines` will not accept command line arguments that are not valid filenames.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.readlines` will not accept command line arguments that are not valid filenames.
```
